# Polskie Powiaty

This project provides an interactive map of Poland, divided by powiats, the second-level units of local government and administration in the country. Users can select a starting point on the map and mark all the powiats they have visited.

## Table of Contents

- Motivation
- Features
- Usage
- Future Plans

## Motivation

This project was created primarily for personal use, as part of a challenge to visit all the powiats in Poland. In order to facilitate this challenge, a mobile-friendly interactive map was developed to replace the traditional paper map.

To create the map, an SVG file containing Poland’s powiats was created by me, using official administrative division data. This allowed for the accurate representation of all powiats on the interactive map.

## Features

This project has the following features:

- Interactive map of Poland, divided by Powiats.
- Ability to mark Powiats as starting or visited.
- Display of statistics such as the first and most recently visited powiat, and calculation of the number of visited powiats.
- Data saved in localStorage.
- Import and export of data between devices using JSON generated by the project.
- Support for dark mode.
- Automatic addition of the date when a Powiat is visited, with the option to change it later.

## Usage

To mark a Powiat, select it on the map and go to the "Powiat" tab, where you can mark it as visited or starting.

Unmark a Powiat in the "Powiat" tab.

Right-click (or long press on mobile) on the Powiat’s date to change the date of visitation.

Export, import, and remove data in the "Zapis" tab.

Switch between light and dark mode in the "Ustawienia" tab.

## Future Plans

This project is still in development and has some room for improvement. Some of the future plans are:

- Add support for multiple languages to make the project more accessible (currently, only Polish is available).
- Refactor the code to use classes.
- Implement a feature to suggest the next powiat to visit.
